Update about.md (#1505)
elixir-europe/rdmkit: pages/about/about.md

## Why are the FAIR principles needed?
At the heart of FAIR Science lies good data management practice. This is increasingly important as life science research becomes data-intensive and traditional ‘wet labs’ make space for ‘dry (computer) labs’.

> With that in mind, the [FAIR Principles](https://www.nature.com/articles/sdata201618) were designed to improve the infrastructure supporting the reuse of research data. These principles intend to improve the **F**indability, **A**ccessibility, **I**nteroperability and **R**euse of digital assets.

Reviewer: I wonder if people know what is meant by "infrastructure". Also, this second paragraph talks about 
digital assets" but the first paragraph only hints at "data". It's hard to se the connection between the paragraphs. Maybe just put: "With that in mind, the [FAIR Principles](https://www.nature.com/articles/sdata201618) were designed to improve  the **F**indability, **A**ccessibility, **I**nteroperability and **R**euse of data."

Author: Good point. I also changed *Reuse* to *Reusability* for better consistency.

> With that in mind, the [FAIR Principles](https://www.nature.com/articles/sdata201618) were designed to improve the infrastructure supporting the reuse of research data. These principles intend to improve the **F**indability, **A**ccessibility, **I**nteroperability and **R**euse of digital assets.

Author: ```suggestion
With that in mind, the [FAIR Principles](https://www.nature.com/articles/sdata201618) were designed to improve the **F**indability, **A**ccessibility, **I**nteroperability and **R**eusability of data.
```
